good evening a welcome to Tucker Carlson
tonight what if someone you hated
offered to pay off your mortgage put
your kids through college or deliver a
tractor trailer full of Snickers bars to
your house we being confused at first
and suspicious why is an enemy giving
you the gift of a lifetime
but in the end if you were smart you
would take the gift it would be too good
to pass up well something very much like
that happened in Washington last night
the Washington Post reported that the
Trump administration has been debating
moving some of the thousands of migrants
now past massing on our southern border
into various self-proclaimed sanctuary
cities across the United States the
president later confirmed that as true
in a tweet as of tonight that policy
remains under consideration talk about
great news for blue America the left
loves impoverished immigrants for the
developing world and why wouldn't they
they make our city safer they tell us
they improve our schools they provide
the backbone of our economy they do the
work that we won't do they are diverse
they are our strengths they are the best
of America even though technically
they're not Americans sanctuary cities
love them best of all that's why they've
become sanctuaries for illegal
immigrants every Democrat now running
for president has affirmed this
repeatedly if you could would you kick
the wall down now here yes thank you
have a wall absolutely knock it down
offer a home to refugees that is who we
are
that's our values that's part of what we
do so instead of building a wall or
closing the border we should choose
compassion instead of cruelty
immigration is not a security issue it
is an economic and a humanitarian and a
family issue there is no such thing as
an illegal human there is no such thing
as an illegal human good point Kirsten
Gillibrand we appreciate your eloquence
Oakland Mayor Libby Schaaf believes that
so deeply that last year she warned
illegal immigrants in her city including
several criminals that an ice raid was
coming she wanted to give them time to
flee and they did as she later explained
she
had no choice all good people want more
illegal immigrants in their cities it is
a continuation of a racist lie that
immigrants are not valued members of our
society we in Auckland know better we in
Auckland have a community that welcomes
and honors all people no matter where
they came from or how they got here in
Auckland they're welcoming in fact the
whole state is welcoming in his
inaugural address this spring the
incoming governor of California Gavin
Newsom echoed those words everyone can
come to California he said absolutely
everyone let's build a house stronger
than the coming storms yet open to the
world the house that provides shelter to
all who need it and sanctuary to all who
seek it we will not have one house for
the rich and one for the poor or one for
the native-born and one for the rest so
the left really couldn't be clearer on
this question all immigration is good
more immigration is better there is no
distinction between legal and illegal
varieties of immigration and if you
disagree with any of this you are a
white nationalist that's what they said
almost every day for the past two years
we've watched carefully and so of you
and now here completely out of the blue
comes the man they despise most in the
world Donald J Trump offering them the
one thing they want more than anything
more immigrants immediately delivered
right to their door at federal expense
well it must have been like Christmas
morning you think you're getting another
pair of socks and yet there it is a pony
tethered to your mailbox holy smokes
amazing best day of your life well
that's not how they responded the left
wasn't happy about Trump's offer they
were shocked and they were completely
enraged you know what this is they said
it's dumping dumping like what you do
with garbage or use truck tires in the
woods the headline of Mother Jones read
Donald Trump wants to dump asylum
seekers on the streets of American
cities democratic cities busing people
wrote The Washington Post Greg Miller to
dump them in cities just to punish
political rivals
in the view of Harry Siegel at The Daily
Beast quote the White House wanted to
dump refugees in sanctuary cities Segal
called that idea nasty at the same time
almost simultaneously as if in concert
in fact most CNN and MSNBC ran headlines
accusing the White House of wanting to
dump immigrants into cities so what's
the message the left is sending us that
immigrants are trash something you drop
off as a cruel prank like a flaming bag
of dog waste if you wanted to defile
someone's pristine City you'd quote dump
immigrants on it whoa
that sounds a little searching for the
word here racist a lot racist actually
but Nancy Pelosi agrees with it turns
out she lives in one of these cities
that might be dumped on so she
immediately issued a statement - crying
it quote the extent of this
administration's cynicism and cruelty
cannot be overstated using human beings
including little children as pawns in
their warped game to perpetuate fear and
demonize immigrants is despicable but
wait a second this is getting really
confusing it doesn't seem to make sense
how can the presence of immigrants quote
perpetuate fear immigrants aren't
dangerous they told us that a thousand
times they're safer than you are they're
amazing much more amazing than you are
closely says that a lot so why is it bad
that Trump wants to send more immigrants
to San Francisco San Francisco is a
sanctuary city it's subverted federal
law in the hope that more illegal
immigrants would come there and now they
may be coming but San Francisco is upset
Wells in the news anchors Trump's plan
is illegal you can't just send migrants
to American cities they're telling us
there's a process really did the people
of Lewiston Maine go through that
process when an entire population of
Somalis was moved from a refugee camp in
Kenya - they're already beleaguered City
nope no process nobody asked them the
government just did it the same thing
happened to Hazleton Pennsylvania and
countless other places across this
country that's how it works that's how
it always works Bodie try to do the same
thing to the city where Nancy Pelosi
lives it supposedly quote illegal
this is getting confusing so let's make
it easier for everyone here's a list of
neighborhoods that could use some
immediate refugee resettlement these are
affluent places they're politically
liberal as most affluent places are as a
matter of policy and conviction they
love impoverished immigrants from abroad
they just don't really have any yet so
let's change that first in line would be
Beacon Hill in Boston that neighborhood
has a median income of over a hundred
and twenty thousand dollars a year for
perspective that's more than double the
national average
it is strikingly not very diverse so it
would be of course greatly strengthened
by thousands of migrants as John Kerry
who lives in Beacon Hill warned us two
years ago quote fear of the outsider
fear of someone who isn't you fear of
someone who doesn't look like you is an
attack on America itself
whoa that's heavy let's stop that attack
and let's do it by sending I don't know
half of the most recent migrant Erev an
to John Kerry's zip code he will be
thrilled he'll have to be thrilled
next we'll head to the Upper East Side
of New York former Mayor Michael
Bloomberg still lives there he loves
poor immigrants unfortunately for him
virtually none of them actually live in
his neighborhood in a city where kids
speak close to 200 different languages
in the New York City public schools
Michael Bloomberg's zip code is
shockingly lacking in diversity let's
change that shall we
and while we're at it let's integrate
that city's two most famous private
schools collegiate and Spence
one for boys one for girls both of those
schools are famously and rigorously
progressive they know that diversity is
our strength but how many newly arrived
Guatemalan immigrants have they enrolled
this year not enough let's see if we can
get that number to over 50% by September
Eisenhower did something very similar at
Central High School in Little Rock in
1956 let's see if Trump can do it with
collegiate and Spence finally we'll go
to the calamy neighborhood right here in
Washington Barack Obama lives there as
he once put it quote we are a nation of
immigrants it has always given America a
big advantage over other nations now
that may be true and yet there are
virtually no poor immigrants in Kalorama
where he lives what do you say we import
a few thousand
from the border tomorrow and drop them
in how could Obama say no but of course
he would say no he'd be livid he would
stop it nobody hates diversity more than
rich liberals the very people pushing it
let's hope immigrants are watching all
of us on TV and drawing their own
conclusions the left can say endlessly
that they love you but if they don't
want you in their neighborhood they
don't want you going to school with
their kids they're lying